Update documentation. Add organization section (#4080)
openvinotoolkit/cvat: site/content/en/docs/manual/basics/top-panel.md

Button assignment:

- `Upload Annotations` — uploads annotations into a task.
- `Export as a dataset` — download a data set from a task in one of the [supported formats](/docs/manual/advanced/formats/).
  You can also enter a `Custom name` and enable the `Save images` checkbox if you want the dataset to contain images.
- `Remove Annotations` — calls the confirmation window if you click `Delete`, the annotation of the current job
  will be removed, if you click `Select range` you can remove annotation on range frames, if you activate checkbox
  `Delete only keyframe for tracks` then only keyframes will be deleted from the tracks, on the selected range.

  ![](/images/image229.jpg)

- `Open the task` — opens a page with details about the task.

> - `Change job state` - changes the status of the job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Change job state` - changes the state of the job (new, in progress, completed, rejected).
```

> - `Finish the job`/`Renew the job` - changes the status of the job to `completed`/`new`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Finish the job`/`Renew the job` - changes the job stage and state to `annotation` and `new` / `acceptance` `completed` correspondingly
```
